c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\DbConnectTest.exe.config
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\DbConnectTest.exe
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\DbConnectTest.pdb
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\VideoGameReview.dll
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\VideoGameReview.pdb
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\VideoGameReview.dll.config
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\obj\Debug\DbConnectTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\obj\Debug\DbConnectTest.exe
c:\users\khalidnaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoGameReview\DbConnectTest\obj\Debug\DbConnectTest.pdb
